README.md, before:

## A set of tools for manipulating Edifact CUSCAR message

### Setup

python3 -m venv edifact-cuscar-env
. edifact-cuscar-env/bin/activate

git clone https://github.com/nerdocs/pydifact
cd pydifact
python setup.py install
cd ..


### Pretty print

To pretty print the CUSCAR file:

python print.py sample-edifact/simple.edi 

To ignore missing code set values:

python print.py --ignore_errors sample-edifact/simple.edi

To only display the unknown segment definitions (so you can expand the schema):

python print.py --unknown sample-edifact/simple.edi  

### Generate from template

#### display to stdout

python generate.py  sample-edifact/template.edi

#### write to file

python generate.py  sample-edifact/template.edi output.edi

### Specification

used CUSCAR message specification found here:
https://www.truugo.com/edifact/d03a/cuscar/

### Extending

The schema for the segments and elements is in cuscar.json
It loads codesets from codelists.json

You can add new codesets using convert_codelist.py

Commit message:

Optionally support specifying some values

README.md, after:

## A set of tools for manipulating Edifact CUSCAR message

### Setup

```
python3 -m venv edifact-cuscar-env
. edifact-cuscar-env/bin/activate
```

```
git clone https://github.com/nerdocs/pydifact
cd pydifact
python setup.py install
cd ..
```

### Pretty print

To pretty print the CUSCAR file:

```
python print.py sample-edifact/simple.edi 
```

To ignore missing code set values:

```
python print.py --ignore_errors sample-edifact/simple.edi
```

To only display the unknown segment definitions (so you can expand the schema):

```
python print.py --unknown sample-edifact/simple.edi  
```
### Generate from template

#### display to stdout

```
python generate.py  sample-edifact/template.edi
```

#### write to file

```
python generate.py  sample-edifact/template.edi output.edi
```

#### Specifying values

Rather than generating random values for all fields, you can specify some to use. This is useful for linking consignments together.

```
python generate.py sample-edifact/template.edi output.edi \
--consignee "A Consignee" \
--consignor "A Consignor" \
--supplier "A Supplier" \
--carrier "A Carrier" \
--arrival "GBPME"
```

### Specification

used CUSCAR message specification found here:
https://www.truugo.com/edifact/d03a/cuscar/

### Extending

The schema for the segments and elements is in cuscar.json
It loads codesets from codelists.json

You can add new codesets using convert_codelist.py
